一

Emperor of the Sea

Red-Haired Shank

Luffy's favorite pirate, who awaits their reunion in the New World. He's finally making his move for the One Piece.

Howling

Gabu

Monster

R0r0n0a Z010

Fighte"

He seeks to be the world's greatest swordsman! A three-sword-using fighter known by the epithet of Pirate Hunter.

A young man dreaming of being the Pirate King. His straw hat is his treasure, a symbol of his promise with Shanks.A remarkable rubberman who loves adventure!

He seeks to be the world's greatest swordsman! A three-sword-using fighter known by the epithet of Pirate Hunter.

Marshall D.

Teech

Former member of the Whitebeard Pirates who fled after killing a crewmate. An ambitious schemer who climbed up to the rank of Emperor.

Nami

Navigator

"ies

An excellent navigator and weather forecaster. Her dream is to draw a map of the world. Her favorite things are money and tangerines.

Usopp

an berries

Between his quick tongue and incredible sniping aim, his combat is always cerebral! Hopes to one day be a brave warrior of the sea.

An excellent navigator and weather forecaster. Her dream is to draw a map of the world. Her favorite things are money and tangerines.

Betweenhis quick tongue and incredible sniping aim, his combat is always cerebral! Hopes to one day be a brave warrior of the sea.

21

Jesus Burgess

Jesus E

Burgess

Shiryu

Van Augur

Tony

Tony

Chopper

Tony Chopper Tony

Doctc."

A reindeer who ate the HumanHuman Fruit. His dream is to be a ""panacea" who can cure all ills.

A reindeer who ate the HumanHuman Fruit. His dream is to be a "panacea" who can cure all ills.

A first-rate cook searching for the legendary sea known as the All Blue. Kicking attacks are the bedrock of his fighting style. Kindhearted but girl-crazy.

Lafitte

San Juan Wolf

Vasco Shot

Avalo Pizarro

Catarina

Devon

Doc Q

(Frmr. Admiral Aokiji)

Kuzan

Franky

Shipwrigh.. million berries

A passionate but perverted cyborg. He wants to reach the end of the sea in his very own hand-built ship of dreams.

Nico

Robin

Nico Robin

Archaec!:

arries

She can read the forbidden ancient language, and seeks the true, lost history of the Void Century.

Archaec:

She can read the forbidden ancient language, and seeks the true, lost history of the Void Century.

Emperor

of the Sea

Jimbei, First Son of the Sea

Helmsman, Bounty: 1.1 Iion berries

A man of loyalty who is true to his

Jimbei, First Son of the Sea

Helmsman, Bounty: . umur berries

A man of loyalty who is true to his code. This master of fish-man karate is a master helmsman who can perfectly read the currents ahead.

Jimbei, Firt onof the Sea

DIOOK

Musician, Bou…, aes

An afro-sporting skeleton swordsman who came back to life with the power of the Revive-Revive Fruit. He dreams of a reunion with his old friend, Laboon the whale.

Sir Crocodile