The Straw Hat Crew

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunited with the rest of the crew.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of "Joker."

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

Brother in spirit to Ace and Luffy. He was shot by Celestial Dragons and assumed dead.

Doflamingo's younger brother. Tried to heal Law's sickness, but was murdered by his own brother.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

One of the Four Emperors.Waits for Luffy in the "New World," the second half of the Grand Line.

A blind swordsman. One of the Three Admirals after Aokiji's departure.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaody Archipe then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The crew happens across Trafalgar Law on the island of Punk Hazard. At his suggestion, they form a n alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. The group infiltrates the kingdom of in an attempt to set up Doflamingo, but Law is abducted after falling into a trap. The rest of the crew

Idier who informs them of the nation's hidden darkness, and they decide to help the little fight for freedom. While their companions defeat the DQ Family officers, the "birdcage" sland begins to shrink, threatening to slice everyone to bits... Luffy and Law team up to directly, but Law gets knocked out of the battle. It's all up to Luffy now. He unleashes the Four to counteract Doflamingo's strength, but will that be enough...?