After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

A blind swordsman. One of the Three Admirals after Aokiji's departure.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

One of the Four Emperors. Waits for Luffy in the "New World,"the second half of the Grand Line.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaody Arc and then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The crew happens across Trafalgar Law on the island of Punk Hazard.At his suggestion, they forr pirate alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. The group infiltrates the king Dressrosa in an attempt to set up Doflamingo, but Law is abducted after falling into a trap. The

meets a one-legged toy soldier who informs them of the nation's hidden darkness, and they help the little Tontattas in their fight for freedom. Luffy leaves to rescue Law, and Usopp tracks ar to free those who have been turned into toys. Despite his best-laid plans, Usopp's scheme e the might of the officers. But in his most desperate moment, he "miraculously" succeeds in out Sugar...