One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called the New World.

He left Luffy before he started his training and returned to Fish-Man Island.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

Pirates

Flying1

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

Having finished their two years of training, the Straw Hat crew reunites on the Sabaody They set sail more determined than ever to reach The New World!

The Straw Hats finally reach Fish-Man Island, said to be 30,000 thousand feet below the the New Fish-Man Pirates attacking, it seems like they may be in for a rough time! While the island, Neptune appears and invites them to Ryugu Palace to thank them for rescuing a the palace, Luffy meets the mermaid princess, Shirahoshi. But because ofVander Decken, unable to leave her room. In order to help grant her wish to leave the palace, Luffy takes for the first time in years...

eir two years of training, the Straw Hat crew reunites on the Sabaody Archipelago. determined than ever to reach The New World!

ally reach Fish-Man Island, said to be 30,000 thousand feet below the sea. But with Pirates attacking, it seems like they may be in for a rough time! While they search appears and invites them to Ryugu Palace to thank them for rescuing a shark. Inside eets the mermaid princess, Shirahoshi. But because ofVander Decken, Shirahoshi is r room. In order to help grant her wish to leave the palace, Luffy takes her outside years...