After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

Brother in spirit to Ace and Luffy. He was shot by Celestial Dragons and assumed dead.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

One of the Four Emperors.Waits for Luffy in the "New World," the second half of the Grand Line.

A blind swordsman. One of the Three Admirals after Aokiji's departure.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaody Arc and then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

Th  s st  o s  o a r a u orr pirate alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. The group infiltrates the king Dressrosa in an attempt to set up Doflamingo, but Law is abducted after falling into a trap. The

meets a one-legged toy soldier who informs them of the nation's hidden darkness, and they help the little Tontattas in their fight for freedom. Luffy rescues Law from captivity, and Usopp in freeing those who have been turned into toys. Furious, Doflamingo covers the island in a cage and puts bounties on our heroes' heads!! Now on the run from Dressrosa's citizens, Luffy Doflamingo in the palace on the fourth step to rescue the kingdom, but...