The Straw Hat Crew

One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called the New World.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. One of the Seven Warlords of the Sea.

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

Punk Hazard

Dr.Vegapunk's former colleague. An authority on weapons of mass-murder, now wanted by the

government.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

StoTy

Having finished their two years of training, the Straw Hat crew reunites on the Sabaody Arch They finally reached the New World via Fish-ManIsland!

The crew lands on Punk Hazard, a mysterious island covered in fire and ice, housing a government laboratory, and ruled by the mad scientist Caesar Clown. Now it is also host to th Hats, the Navy hot on their heels, and even Trafalgar Law, a newly appointed Warlord of the Sea these disparate forces clash, the sparks of battle cover the island!! What is Caesar plotting c Hazard?!Will Kin'emon ever find his son safe and sound?! And will Luffy's pirate alliance with La lead him to face off against one of the Four Emperors?!