A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunited with the rest of the crew.

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of "Joker."

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

Brother in spirit to Ace and Luffy. He was shot by Celestial Dragons and assumed dead.

Doflamingo's younger brother. Tried to heal Law's sickness, but was murdered by his own brother.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

One of the Four Emperors.Waits for Luffy in the "New World," the second half of the Grand Line.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

A blind swordsman. One of the

departure.

Three Admirals after Aokiji's

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaoc then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The crew happens across Trafalgar Law on the island of Punk Hazard. At his suggestion, they alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. The group infiltrates the king in an attempt to set up Doflamingo, but Law is abducted after falling into a trap.The rest of

toy soldier who informs them of the nation's hidden darkness, and they decide to help the little their fight for freedom. As their companions hold off the Don Quixote Family, Luffy and Law face of ttle against Doflamingo!! There, the past that ties Law, Corazon and Doflamingo together is revealed. back against Doflamingo to fulfill Corazon's wishes—but his arm gets chopped off! Meanwhile, the uffy's army emerge triumphant, one by one!! Only a few foes remain...