Heart Pirates

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunited with the rest of the crew.

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

Wano Kingdom

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

The Minks

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

One of the Four Emperors.Waits for Luffy in the "New World," the second half of the Grand Line.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaody Archipe then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The crew happens across Trafalgar Law on the island of Punk Hazard. At his suggestion, they form a ne alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. The group infiltrates the kingdom of Dre an attempt to take down Doflamingo, Kaido's trading partner, and find themselves in a battle to libe

om his control. After Luffy finally emerges victorious over their foe, he is forced into a ritual of cup her pirates they fought alongside. It's the creation of the Straw Hat Fleet!

ers of the world realign following the Navy's capture of Doflamingo, Luffy's crew sets off for Zou to catch 's group, which left earlier. Zou turns out to be a kingdom on the back of a gigantic elephant, but it's royed when they arrive. Once they meet up with Nami, they learn that something has happened to Sanj.