e

0

Emperor

of the Sea

Red-Haired Shank

Luffy's favorite pirate, who awaits their reunion in the New World. He's finally making his move for the One Piece.

Emperor of the Sea

Roronoa Zolo

He seeks to be the world's greatest swordsman! A three-sword-using fighter known by the epithet of Pirate Hunter.

A young man dreaming of being the Pirate King. His straw hat is his treasure, a symbol of his promise with Shanks.A remarkable rubberman who loves adventure!

He seeks to be the world's greatest swordsman! A three-sword-using fighter known by the epithet of Pirate Hunter.

Marshall D.

Teech

Former member of the Whitebeard Pirates who fled after killing a crewmate. An ambitious schemer who climbed up to the rank of Emperor.

Navi

An excellent navigator and weather forecaster. Her dream is to draw a map of the world. Her favorite things are money and tangerines.

Nami

Between his quick tongue and incredible sniping aim, his combat is always cerebral! Hopes to one day be a brave warrior of the sea.

An excellent navigator and weather forecaster. Her dream is to draw a map of the world. Her favorite things are money and tangerines.

Jesus E

Burgess

Shiryu

Van

Ogre

A first-rate cook searching for the legendary sea known as the All Blue. Kicking attacks are the bedrock of his fighting style. Kindhearted but girl-crazy.

A reindeer who ate the HumanHuman Fruit. His dream is to be a panacea" who can cure all ills.

Catarina

Devon

Lafitte

Vasco Shot

Kuzan

(Frmr. Admiral Aokiji)

Avalo Pizarro

Juan Wolf

San

Archac ies

She can read the forbidden ancient language, and seeks the true, lost history of the Void Century.

Nico Robin

Nico

Robin

A passionate but perverted cyborg. He wants to reach the end of the sea in his very own hand-built ship of dreams.

She can read the forbidden ancient language, and seeks the true, lost history of the Void Century.

Emperor of the Sea

Jimbei, First Son of the Sea

A man of loyalty who is true to his code.This master of fish-man karate

Jimbei, First Son of the Sea

Sir Crocodile

Dracule Mihawk

A man of loyalty who is true to his code.This master of fish-man karate is a master helmsman who can perfectly read the currents ahead.

An afro-sporting skeleton swordsman who came back to life with the power of the Revive-Revive Fruit. He dreams of a reunion with his old friend, Laboon the whale.