A boy who dreams of becoming the Pirate King.With no one else to depend on, he sincerely wants to become friends with Ace.

He was sent off to the ruins of the Muggy Kingdom on Gloom Island. He is currently with Perona.

Currently in the Birdie Kingdom, where birds rule over the people. Some say this island is a Treasure Island.

Gold Roger's son. He began his life with Dadan three years before Luffy came along.

She is currently in Weatheria, a country on a small sky island, where people study the science of weather.

Currently in the country on a bridge called Tequila Wolf. She was enslaved but later freed by the Revolutionary Army.

(from ten years ago)

Ace's best friend. He and Ace are saving money to become pirates.

Ace's best friend. He and Ace are saving money to become pirates.

He is currently with Heracles in the bandit forest of Glinston in the Bowin Islands.

Currently on the Mechanical Island, birthplace of the genius Dr.Vegapunk in the Future Land Baldimore.

He is on dreamy Peachy Island, known as the second "Island of Women." Is he now a maiden in the infamous Kamabakka Kingdom?!

In Hungeria, the impoverished country of Lazy Bones Island. He is currently worshipped by locals as the devil lord.

Luffy's grandfather. Roger entrusted Ace to him, but he turned Ace over to Dadan's care.

In an attempt to prevent the execution of his brother,Ace, Luffy fights his way toNavyHeadq where he is joined by Whitebeard and his pirates. But waiting for them there are the most po warriors the Navy can muster.A battle erupts such as the world has never seen! With the help allies, Luffy struggles to pass the Navy's fearsome defenses and rescue Ace. But at the last mome suffers a mortal wound from Akainu and dies before Luffy's eyes. The great pirate Whitebeard i as well in thislegendary battle.

Luffy is spirited away to the Island ofWomen where he recovers, but the loss of his brother to him.What is the nature of the bond between Luffy and Ace? Now, for the first time, the secrets past are revealed! It all begins ten vears ago.

A bandit who Garp entrusted with Luffy and Ace.