The Straw Hat Crew

One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called the New World.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

An authority on weapons of mass murder. Kidnapped by Law in an attempt to goad Doflamingo out of hiding.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

A blind swordsman. One of the Three Admirals after Aokiji's departure.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

a Kingdom

Tontatta

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

Atr s e te tr et  r sd tre rs e Sur r to sr t rr and then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

hre raaar ra n r as  o araars sar liow suggestion, they form a new pirate alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. to draw Doflamingo's attention, they first capture Caesar and infiltrate Dressrosa, which is gov

go. Things start off according to plan, but Law is abducted after falling into a trap set ningo. The rest of the crew meets a toy soldier who informs them of the nation's hidden Furious at Doflamingo's evil machinations, they decide to help the little Tontattas in their fight pm. Luffy prepares to leave the coliseum to help rescue Law when he comes across a very ed face...