A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunited with the rest of the crew.

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King"" Brook.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

Animal Kingdom Pirates

Big Mom Pirates

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

One of the Four Emperors.Waits for Luffy in the "New World." the second half of the Grand Line.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaody Archipe then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The    s      o   o ar  s ay  anr alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. The group infiltrates the kingdom of Dre an attempt to take down Doflamingo, Kaido's trading partner, and find themselves in a battle to libe

om his control. After an exhausting battle, they remove Doflamingo from the land he torments! Luffy's sails ahead to catch up and regroup with Nami's team on the island of Zou.When they get there, it hat Kaido's crony Jack has already leveled the city. The minks were hiding the samurai Jack sought n, the Kozuki Clan are like family that they would never sell out, even if their country fell to ruin stunned by this heartfelt loyalty... Meanwhile, Sanji's family background is revealed, and events take nexpected turn!