The Straw

Hat

Crew

One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called theNew World.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

Dr.Vegapunk's former colleague. An authority on weapons of mass-murder, now wanted by the government.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

A Navy officer who secretly works for Doflamingo's organization. He helped orchestrate the child abductions.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

Don Ouixote Doflamingo

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. One of the Seven Warlords of the Sea.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

Having finished their two years of training, the Straw Hat crew reunites on the Sabaody They finally reach the final ocean, the New World, via Fish-Man Island!

The crew lands on Punk Hazard, where the mad scientist and wanted man Caesar Clov the ruins of a government laboratory. With the arrival of the newly appointed Warlor Trafalgar Law, the Straw Hats and the pursuing Navy, the island bursts into chaos! L

forces in a pirate alliance, but their plan to kidnap Caesar backfires. In captivity, they rible truth: Caesar's been developingdeadly weapons in order to sell them to black ers. One of these brokers is the very man who helped kidnap the children: Doflamingo! going according to their nefarious plan until Law's clever liberation of the Straw Hats -out counterattack!!