The Straw Hat Crew

One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called the New World.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

Pirates

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

An authority on weapons of mass-murder. Kidnapped by Law in an attempt to goad Doflamingo out of hiding.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called"Soul King" Brook.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Archipelago and then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The crew happens across Trafalgar Law on the island of Punk Hazard, run by Caesar Clowi suggestion, they form a new pirate alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emp order to draw Doflamingo's attention, they must first capture Caesar, who is producing the

it that Doflamingo sells to Kaido, a member of the Four Emperors. After a fierce battle, the idnaps Caesar, then demands that Doflamingo leave the Seven Warlords in return for the When Doflamingo complies, Law tells him he will hand over Caesar at a small island north osa. But somehow, Doflamingo has Ace's Devil Fruit in his possession...