The Straw Hat Crew

One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called theNew World.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

Punk Hazard

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

Dr.Vegapunk's former colleague. An authority on weapons of mass murder, now wanted by the government.

A Navy officer who secretly works for Doflamingo's organization. He helped orchestrate the child abductions.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

Don

1Ouixote Doflamingo

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. One of the Seven Warlords of the Sea.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat Pirates are back together, first at the S Archipelago and then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The crew lands on Punk Hazard, where the mad scientist and wanted man Caesar Clown rul the ruins of a government laboratory. With the arrival of the newly appointed Warlord of Trafalgar Law, the Straw Hats, and the pursuing Navy, the island bursts into chaos! At Law's sug

hs a new pirate alliance for the purpose of capturing Caesar and bringing down one of the ur Emperors. Capturing Caesar would effectively cut off his employer Doflamingo's supply the artificial Devil Fruit being offered to the Emperor in question. Luffy and crew's journey ew era begins by throwing a wrench into this heinous scheme...