The Straw Hat Crew

One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called theNew World.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King. After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After researching powerful medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

An authority on weapons of mass murder. Kidnapped by Law in an attempt to goad Doflamingo out of hiding.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

A blind swordsman. One of the Three Admirals after Aokiji's departure.

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaody Aro and then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

The crew happens upon Trafalgar Law on the island of Punk Hazard, run by Caesar Clown.At his su they form a new pirate alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. In order Doflamingo's attention, they must first capture Caesar, who is producing the artificial Devil F

to sells to the Emperor, Kaido.They force Doflamingo to swear to leave the Seven Warlords ano vo r r   s e  e ss    ssr roi oe d guarding the Thousand Sunny. Luffy's in the factory-destroying team, but he takes a detour to eum tournament offering Ace's Flame-Flame Fruit as a prize! Meanwhile, Law's team goes to hanc ar, but it was a trap! And now Usopp's team has been captured by little people?!