The Straw Hat Crew

One of the Four Emperors. He continues to wait for Luffy in the second half of the Grand Line, called the New World.

A young man who dreams of becoming the Pirate King.After training with Rayleigh, he and his crew head for the New World!

He swallowed his pride and asked to be trained by Mihawk on Gloom Island before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

After researching powerful

medicine in Birdie Kingdom, he reunites with the rest of the crew.

The Surgeon of Death, wielder of the Op-Op Fruit's powers. Currently allied with Luffy.

One of the Seven Warlords of the sea and a weapons broker. He works under the alias of"Joker."

An authority on weapons of mass murder. Kidnapped by Law in an attempt to goad Doflamingo out of hiding.

She studied the weather of the New World on the small Sky Island Weatheria, a place where weather is studied as a science.

She spent her time in Baltigo with the leader of the Revolutionary Army: Luffy's father, Dragon.

A blind swordsman. One of the Three Admirals after Aokiji's departure.

He trained under Heracles at the Bowin Islands to become the King of Snipers.

He modified himself in Future Land Baldimore and turned himself into Armored Franky before reuniting with the rest of the crew.

Tontatta

Kingdom

After fighting the New Kama Karate masters in the Kamabakka Kingdom, he returned to the crew.

After being captured and used as a freak show by the Longarm Tribe, he became a famous rock star called "Soul King" Brook.

After two years of hard training, the Straw Hat pirates are back together, first at the Sabaody Ar and then through Fish-Man Island to their next stage: the New World!!

h aa  ar ra n r as  o ar raars rda r lo suggestion, they form a new pirate alliance that seeks to take down one of the Four Emperors. In draw Doflamingo's attention, they must first capture Caesar, who is producing the artificial Devil

go sells to the Emperor, Kaido.The crew initially follows Law's orders, but Luffy goes off track by tournament to win Ace's Flame-Flame Fruit and blasting his way through the prelims. Meanwhile res to hand over Caesar, but Doflamingo's clever trap puts him face-to-face with a Naval Admiral , Usopp's group works with the Tontattas to prepare for the fateful battle with Doflamingo.What n next as these storylines collide?